[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Dion.
I am a program manager at Google.
I am a part of the detection and response
team which falls under the privacy,
safety, and security organization.
My favorite part of my job is
understanding that there are threats
that we encounter day by day.
And my team helps to ensure that
we can find those threats and
respond to them accordingly.
Cybersecurity is very important.
Just as we need to keep
ourselves physically secure,
we need to keep our information
online safe and secure.
So, whenever you use a computer or a device,
that data lives somewhere online.
And you trust Google and
other companies to secure that data and
keep it private, only to you.
The work that I do day by day ensures
that your information, your data, and
the world's information stays secure,
stays private, and protected.
I've held many jobs in different areas
before getting involved in cybersecurity.
One of those jobs is
serving as a radio DJ and
online personality,
which has not much to do with security.
One of the key things I got from
that was to keep the music playing.
No matter what happens,
keep the music playing.
I'm also a proud father.
My kids are my greatest assets and
I have to protect them.
There are lots of threats and
risks associated with them,
even vulnerabilities. As a security guy,
I have to protect the information
that I'm tasked with holding from threats,
risks, and vulnerabilities.
As a security professional,
fires will come up.
You have to find a way to keep
things moving, either escalating
to the right team or escalating up
the chain to find a resolution.
So, having not been formally
trained in security,
I am tasked with teaching
myself new things daily.
New threats arrive,
new things need to be protected, and
security is constantly changing.
I teach myself through online learning.
I subscribe to and read to lots of
journals related to security knowledge,
and I'm also taking some
security courses online as well.
I think the most challenging
part about an entry-level role
in security is not knowing
what you don't know.
When I first got involved in security,
I was really winging it, but
the one thing that I did was always
reach out to my team for support.
Getting stuck is a part of the process,
we could always lean on our team and
others for additional support or
to help us get unstuck.